Update teams-powershell-install.md (#7391)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-powershell-install.md

  - Microsoft Teams
---

# Install Microsoft Teams PowerShell Module

This article explains how to install the Microsoft Teams PowerShell module using PowerShell Gallery. The Microsoft Teams PowerShell module is supported on all Windows platforms. 

## Requirements

> Microsoft Teams PowerShell module requires PowerShell 5.1 or higher on all platforms. Install the [latest version of PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell) available for your operating system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Teams PowerShell module requires PowerShell 5.1 or higher on all platforms. Install the [latest version of PowerShell](/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell) available for your operating system. 
```

To check your PowerShell version, run the following command from within a PowerShell session: 

```powershell
$PSVersionTable.PSVersion 
```

> It is recommended that you use the  Install-Module cmdlet to install the Microsoft Teams PowerShell module. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use the  Install-Module cmdlet to install the Microsoft Teams PowerShell module. 
```

> If PowerShell Gallery (PSGallery) isn't configured as a trusted repository for **PowerShellGet**. The first time you use the PSGallery, you'll see the following message:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If PowerShell Gallery (PSGallery) isn't configured as a trusted repository for **PowerShellGet**. The first time you use the PSGallery, you'll see the following message:
```
```suggestion
If PowerShell Gallery (PSGallery) isn't configured as a trusted repository for **PowerShellGet**. The first time you use the PSGallery, you'll see the following message:
```
```suggestion
If PowerShell Gallery (PSGallery) isn't configured as a trusted repository for **PowerShellGet**, the first time you use the PSGallery you'll see the following message:
```

Answer **Yes** or **Yes to All** to continue with the installation.

## Installing using the PowerShellGallery

> Microsoft Teams PowerShell module is currently supported for use with PowerShell 5.1 on Windows. Plase follow below steps to install the module: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Microsoft Teams PowerShell module is currently supported for use with PowerShell 5.1 on Windows. Please follow the following steps to install the module: 
```

> - Update to [Windows PowerShell 5.1](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/windows-powershell/install/installing-windows-powershell#upgrading-existing-windows-powershell). If you're on Windows 10 version 1607 or higher, you already have PowerShell 5.1 installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update to [Windows PowerShell 5.1](/powershell/scripting/windows-powershell/install/installing-windows-powershell#upgrading-existing-windows-powershell). If you're on Windows 10 version 1607 or higher, you already have PowerShell 5.1 installed. 
```

- Install [.NET Framework 4.7.2](/dotnet/framework/install) or later. 

> - Run the following command to install latest PowerShellGet:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run the following command to install the latest PowerShellGet:
```

> - Install [.NET Framework 4.7.2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/install) or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install [.NET Framework 4.7.2](/dotnet/framework/install) or later. 
```

 
```powershell
Install-Module -Name PowerShellGet -Force -AllowClobber
```

> - Install the Teams PowerShell Module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install the Teams PowerShell Module.
```

```powershell
Install-Module -Name MicrosoftTeams -Force -AllowClobber
```

## Offline Installation 

In some environments, it's not possible to connect to the PowerShell Gallery. In those situations, please follow these [manual installation steps](https://aka.ms/psgallery-manualdownload).  

## Sign in

> To start working with Teams PowerShell, sign in with your Azure credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start working with Microsoft Teams PowerShell module, sign in with your Azure credentials.
```

```PowerShell
Connect-MicrosoftTeams 
``` 

## Update Teams PowerShell Module

> To update any PowerShell module, you should use the same method used to install the module. For example, if you originally used Install-Module, then you should use [Update-Module](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/powershellget/update-module) to get the latest version.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update any PowerShell module, you should use the same method used to install the module. For example, if you originally used Install-Module, then you should use [Update-Module](/powershell/module/powershellget/update-module) to get the latest version.  
```

Reviewer 2: Please change the link to a relative link.

> To update any PowerShell module, you should use the same method used to install the module. For example, if you originally used Install-Module, then you should use [Update-Module](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/powershellget/update-module) to get the latest version.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update any PowerShell module, you should use the same method used to install the module. For example, if you originally used Install-Module, then you should use [Update-Module](/powershell/module/powershellget/update-module) to get the latest version.  
```

## Uninstall Teams PowerShell

To uninstall Microsoft Teams PowerShell, open a new PowerShell command prompt and run the following: 

```powershell
Uninstall-Module MicrosoftTeams

> # Delete all version of the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Uninstall all versions of the module
```

> Uninstall-Module MicrosoftTeams -Allversion 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uninstall-Module MicrosoftTeams -Allversions 
```

```

> # Next Steps 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Next Steps 
```

> Now you're ready to manage Microsoft Teams using Microsoft Teams PowerShell. See [Managing Teams with Teams PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-powershell-managing-teams) to get started. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you're ready to manage Microsoft Teams using Microsoft Teams PowerShell. See [Managing Teams with Teams PowerShell](teams-powershell-managing-teams.md) to get started. 
```
